hello guys and welcome to star mate
today I was messing with rails and I
managed to build a fully functional
elevator with minimal logic yes are you
tired of all those elevators that use
100 plus logic blocks of all kinds
delays and or gates and such well wait
no more because this elevator only uses
28 activation blocks and activation box
only it's the most simple efficient
working elevator so you can call
elevator from each floor floor no matter
where you are and when you are inside
the cabin you have buttons that will
take you to h4 I also managed to
decorate the elevator pit / put in a
nice cabin nice elevator shaft and
actual signs over the activation blocks
so you know what to press so yeah once
the official rails update come comes I
will release the official version of
this elevator and I know I know there
are all of elevators out there already
but this one is using the minimal logic
the absolute minimum and it can't get
smaller than this it's the ultimate one
so stop the logic abuse guys make it
simple hope you enjoyed this video thank
you all for watching and see you all
next time
you